I am now a recent trip there not a single here is the door
input
but finally the front door
it can be so after
as
or even when the group stresses that there is
solid club
which can be used as
you hear it and then a few hours ago a room
a little thing is done
here I show you all his family ticket holder
with afp
worse the cooking that wins
11 there
indeed it was
a bank entry 1 4
about three meters to the point of leaving the kitchen it depends
but there are more than 120 minutes to bel-air
for its effects it's like that
she also wanted to equip the kitchen
so that's for cooking
he is there
I'm going back
and to do that
you see that this summer
p
avast
this system
because it gives a lot of clarity
in this space
a lot of clarity
the workforce is not overcrowded but especially to be vaccinated
if she has no homeland and who has done something of the actress
a little later a portrait 56 pc of banks
I will show you that a pretext
to what you could see that you have the cockroach what is beautiful
and to get by
nba
helsinki needs some maintenance
So that's a hundred percent
to empty and clean the pool filled yesterday so the bomba is a
estimated budget
in any case this evening the 100 dollars pretty much
the advantage here you know it's very large capacity it's gone to fair
to put in the ass obviously tables and chairs and sun loungers
and then enough room for those who really want
always be salty here you have
of place
you also have to identify one by one
beyond in yesterday
and for 100 th all these structures petanque you have vermont retirement
at your house
often it's very severe stacy 1600 miles
a fence
you and you can feel at home
having hung a flashing sign
who's who are not missing who's this side there is to see him finally axa aph
you see there is the equipment here is the little train to steal basketball
false prophets the tit is really very close it's
effectively
so that's an expectation that has
for a holiday home
% and really 1
an excellent deal I advise you